Source: https://docs.google.com/document/d/16KcVXcPRKcqiWaLria-fjyKsyTQCLXhS9SjIDfWtbEA/edit
Fetched: 2026-02-01

---

There are people attending the wedding who were not yet born when Julie and Anthony first met, and to understand how they found each other, it's necessary to step back in time to another era. It was the mid-90s. Google was not yet a verb. Oasis had promised they would make three albums and then break up. Julie was still occasionally buying cassettes, reluctant to switch her entire music collection over to CD format.

Anthony was in Manchester, halfway through a PhD, bored with his subject and regretting his geographical choices. Julie had dropped out of an American university after one year and fled to Scotland, where her parents had resettled. She was living at home and working in a shop that she hated. Both were single, isolated, and lonely.

Then Julie happened to see Pulp on Top of the Pops, and Something Changed. She wouldn't be diagnosed as neurotypical for another couple of decades, but that didn't stop her switching into full Fangirl Mode. In those days, email addresses were predominantly associated with academia and the internet was still young. So young, in fact, that a search for Pulp (Ask Jeeves? Alta Vista? The details are lost to the mists of time) yielded a mere handful of results. But one of those was Anthony's own Pulp fan page. Julie wrote to a fellow fan, and they have been constantly in each other's lives ever since.

Back then, Julie hated telling people how they had met. Internet dating wouldn't be mainstream for many years yet, so she always had to go out of her way to explain she had not been looking for a hookup! So in some ways, they were ahead of their time.

During the 30 years Julie and Anthony have known each other, there have been all of life's usual highs and lows, plus a few more obscure ones thrown in for good measure. Death, mental illness, divorce, the first house, pets, breakups, new partners - just about everything but marriage and children (You'll be waiting *much* longer to see the latter). But no matter what, Julie and Anthony always stayed close. In fact, Julie's 2014 move to Wales was the only way she could think of to give either of them a chance to meet new people after splitting up.

But a funny thing happened when Julie moved away from Anthony - they got closer. There were some very tough times as Julie struggled back to some form of mental health after an extremely difficult few years, and they both tried to establish new boundaries for their relationship. But they never wavered in their commitment to whatever that relationship turned out to be. As friends, they worked harder to stay together than they ever had as partners.

The turning point came in October of 2022. Julie had begun a new job that summer, doing holiday cover at the Andrew Logan Museum of Sculpture. Andrew was hosting the 50th anniversary edition of his groundbreaking Alternative Miss World event that year, and Julie's new position meant that she was able to acquire two tickets to the sold out event with only three weeks to spare. She wanted to go. Anthony was determined that she should. But she needed a date, and Anthony was doing a favour for his then-partner the same weekend. Julie has never been a good traveller, and she had only ever been to London with Anthony, so she knew that any attempts to fly solo would produce levels of stress and anxiety that would cancel out any enjoyment of the event. But no matter how wide she cast her net, she could not find her plus one for that weekend. Every day she worked to make something suitably fabulous to wear, just as her hopes of going to the ball gradually ebbed away. Meanwhile, Anthony was quietly making plans to take off work and free up his schedule. He was determined that Julie *would* go to the ball. On the night, they attended together in their golden finery, and Julie realised she could not imagine sharing the experience with anyone else. In the livestream which is still on Youtube, Julie and Anthony are visible in the crowd, if you know where to look. There is a moment during the interval when you can just see their heads dip together for a few seconds, and even though no one else is ever likely to spot this footage, the fact that it was caught on tape feels entirely appropriate.

It was that weekend that Anthony and Julie finally began to realise that the thing they had been looking for had been right there the whole time! By the time Anthony came back to Wales for Christmas, he was single again and the festive romcom could begin…

Of course, everything moves in cycles so after a few months of blissful reunification, Anthony began to dig into the existential threat posed by AI. His research led him into a long period of depression and ultimately resignation from his long-term employment to transition to full-time activist. Julie continues to struggle with her mental health, especially as her neurodivergence has become more marked with age. But one thing remains constant, and that is their dedication to each other, and to being the best partners they can possibly be.

Real love is not a romcom, nor a fairy tale, but a choice we make every single day. On their wedding day, Julie and Anthony recognise the choice they have already made over 10,000 times, and which they plan to continue choosing every day for the rest of their lives.


TO DO: Edit and add photos to the account above, Link to Jake/MLS video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLh3iSw1Kro (12 Reasons https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz1W9EWTdVY), links to RSVP, and perhaps a spreadsheet for booked accommodation reference?

Photo captions:

Getting into the spirit: Christmas 2023 at Andre Logan Museum of Sculpture

A very unusual - and surprisingly chaotic - engagement

Loved up at the local nature reserve

The ring!

The turning point - all blinged up for the Alternative Miss World Gold edition 2022

We were on a break! September 2017, shared holiday on Lundy Island

Christmas 2022 at Andrew Logan Museum of Sculpture. Newly reunited and utterly happy.
